Major restructuring of the documentation (#662)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools: docs/getting-started.md

For a more detailed description on the general principles of NeXus we recommend:

- [our learning page for NeXus](learn/nexus/nexus-primer.md)
- [the official NeXus manual](https://manual.nexusformat.org/)

## What is FAIRmat?

FAIRmat is one of the consortia of the German National Research Data Infrastructure (NFDI). It is tasked with building a FAIR data infrastructure for condensed-matter physics and the chemical physics of solids.

## What is NOMAD?

Within FAIRmat, we develop **NOMAD**: an open source research data management system for making materials science data searchable and publishable. NOMAD can host all kinds of data from materials science - including, but not limited to, NeXus data.

- [NOMAD Homepage](https://nomad-lab.eu/)
- [NOMAD documentation](https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/staging/docs/)

## What is pynxtools?

> `pynxtools` is our main software tool for end-to-end handling of data from experiments using NeXus. It contains a parser for combining various instrument output formats and electronic lab notebook (ELN) formats into an [HDF5](https://support.hdfgroup.org/HDF5/) file according to NeXus application definitions. It provides validation against these NeXus definitions and can be used to annotate existing NeXus files with semantic meaning.
> 
> `pynxtools` can be used for standalone NeXus conversion, but it can also be used as a _plugin_ to NOMAD, extending NOMAD schemas and parsing capabilities with NeXus-specific capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Python framework, `pynxtools` provides a built-in API for writing reader plugins (e.g., [pynxtools-xps](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-xps), [pynxtools-em](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-em), [pynxtools-spm](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-spm)), especially in the domain of experimental physics in material science for converting instrument output data and Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN) data into a NeXus (built on top of [HDF5](https://support.hdfgroup.org/HDF5/) according to the datamodel NeXus application definitions. It fully validates against the intended application definition and gives descriptive warning messages (before writing data into the NeXus file) for inconsistent data writing to the file.

`pynxtools` can be used for standalone NeXus conversion, but it can also be used as a _plugin_ to NOMAD, extending NOMAD schemas and parsing capabilities with NeXus-specific capabilities.
```

Author: Again, this is all explained elsewhere. My idea with the gettting started guide is to give a high-level overview, so I would really rather not like to have that here.

Author: As a compromise, I added a sentence on the reader plugins and pynxtools as a framework for building new plugins.

## How can I install pynxtools? How can I contribute?

- [Installation tutorial](./tutorial/installation.md)
- [Development tutorial](./tutorial/contributing.md)

## Does `pynxtools` require NOMAD or NOMAD OASIS?

> No. You can use `pynxtools` perfectly fine as a standalone tool for converting data from experiments to NeXus-compliant files. Therefore, this tool acts as the framework to design instances of data within the NeXus universe. The software _can_, however, be used as a **NOMAD plugin** to parse NeXus files, please see the section below for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. With the available [plugins](./reference/plugins.md) or community-developed plugins, You can use `pynxtools` as a standalone tool for converting data from experiment-generated raw data to NeXus-compliant files. Therefore, this tool acts as the framework to design instances of data within the NeXus universe. The software can, however, be used as a **NOMAD plugin** to parse NeXus files, please see the section below for details.
```

## How to use `pynxtools` with NOMAD

> NeXus is supported be the research data management platform NOMAD. Experimental data following an NeXus application definition can easily be uploaded to NOMAD and is recognized by NOMAD's search system. If you want to learn more about uploading NeXus data to NOMAD, please refer to the [NeXus to NOMAD tutorial](./tutorial/nexus-to-nomad.md) of this documentation.
> 
> To use the `pynxtools` Python package with NOMAD, simply install it in the same environment as the `nomad-lab` package. NOMAD will recognize pynxtools as a plugin automatically and offer automatic parsing of `.nxs` files. In addition, NOMAD will install a schema for NeXus application definitions. By default, `pynxtools` is already included in the NOMAD [production]https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/gui/ and [staging](https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/staging/gui/) deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the `pynxtools` [plugins](./reference/plugins.md), NeXus is supported by the research data management platform NOMAD. Experimental data file compatible with a NeXus application definition can easily be uploaded to NOMAD and translated to [NOMAD metainfo](https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/gui/analyze/metainfo/pynxtools) data model via `pynxtools` source. Therefore, the data file can be recognized by NOMAD's search system. If you want to learn more about uploading NeXus data to NOMAD, please refer to the [NeXus to NOMAD tutorial](./tutorial/nexus-to-nomad.md) of this documentation.

To use the `pynxtools` Python package with NOMAD, simply install it in the same Python environment as the `nomad-lab` package. NOMAD will recognize `pynxtools` as a plugin automatically and offer automatic parsing of `.nxs` files. In addition, NOMAD will automatically find out the NeXus definitions sitting in `pynxtools` and transform them into its own datamodel called `metainfo`. By default, `pynxtools` is already included in the NOMAD [production]https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/gui/ and [staging](https://nomad-lab.eu/prod/v1/staging/gui/) deployments.
```
